The Joe Rogan experience. Um, I wanted to talk to you about social media. Okay.
Cause I, I love you. I love you too. I think you're a very good guy.
I really do. But you are the worst representative of yourself on social media.
I'm a bad lawyer, myself.
It's a bad form of getting out tricky ideas.
It's a bad form. It's just not good. I mean, now it's what is it?
Two 80 now 280 characters. It's better than it was one 40 was very rough.
Like one 40. You'd have to, you know,
you have to really think about what you're saying. It's like, you're.
Yelling like as you're falling into a, well, yeah, you have like one sentence,
but you.
You are without a doubt addicted.
And I know bailed on your phone for a while and you went to a flip phone flip
phone. Yeah. But I see these manic tweets from you. And I,
I just want to go hang out with you and go, dude, what are you doing? Like,
why are you constantly tweeting and attacking people? And it's like.
Sometimes the chaos helps me. You're right. I mean, you're right. <laugh> right.
Like I'm not challenging that statement, but like,
I see it as almost like a idea sonar where you're.
Just like, I, I get that. I get that. But I get that cuz I know you.
And I know you're a really good dude in real life. Thanks man.
So when I see this online and I, I see these blurting outpost,
you just outbreak posts. They're just, they're just like, blah,
like you got meant to diarrhea.
I mean just let me see if I can throw the word in here for a goof.
Let me see if I can, you know,
say something that's gonna people off and it's just,
there's this weird thing you're doing like this Jess neck thing,
like you just decided to attack Anthony. Jman no, I'll tell you this.
Did he attack you? No.
What happened was someone said that, uh, they had heard, I,
he said I was AltRight, which is like the new, and.
People can believe that they could believe that you were outright,
but if someone tells them and they read one of your outrageous tweets,
just one or two of them, they would go, oh, this guy's an AltRight comedian.
And then they see you with certain people that you've had podcasts with and
talked to that might also be lumped in you mean ridiculously.
So like Jordan Peterson, they lump him into. Right, right, right. No, I gotcha.
Doesn't make any sense, but they do it. Yeah. Like, and look,
I've had people on that people think are AltRight. I mean, people,
this people are crazy. I mean,
there's people out there that think Ben Shapiro is antisemitic.
That's how that's how 90 people.
I know there's no, there's no magic at all.
Like right now Martin Luther king Jr.
Would be considered AltRight by certain crazy people.
He would probably have adjusted his views. Don't you think? I mean,
his views had probably changed knowing all that we know about people today.
And I mean, he would be a different person.
You gotta think that guy growing up in the 1950s and then, you know,
being into the sixties as a,
the most important civil rights activist of all time,
he was dealing with a completely different world, man. I mean,
there was no social media. There was there,
there was not much consolidated power.
It was probably very difficult to get people to March.
Once they started sick and dogs on people and blowing fire hoses on them.
I mean, you had to be, you, you had less protection then you had,
he'd had to be more,
more rigid and conservative then just because people would have to be like,
just very careful. That's a, you know, we, we talked about this recently,
I guess it was with, was it Daniel Belli? We were talking about,
about how recently slavery was. Was it him?
Was it Daniela might have been either way. Um, it's, that's a crazy small,
all amount of time, crazy. 200 years ago. And it's been existed for.
Like tens of thousands of years.
And that there's more slavery in the world today because there's more people
alive. Yeah. It's kind of tricky,
but there's less percentage of people that are slaves.
It's kind of misleading when people say there's more slavery,
there's way more people.
That's a good point. Yeah. There's more everything way, way, way.
Way, way.
More people. And there's way more crazy people. And now they all have internet.
Access. Yeah.
Because I was looking at this thing where they were trying to trace, you know,
you've heard about that. Um, new species of human that they found,
I think around somewhere in the range of, uh, seven or eight years ago, IANS,
I think they called them. They, they found them in Russia and what they are is,
um, you know, when there was Neandertal and homo Sapian, there was another one.
And then this other one, um, bred there,
apparently they think there was many different kinds of humans. Oh yeah,
for sure. But what the, they think that freaked me out.
They were talking about how long ago this was like 70,000 plus years ago that
they were,
they were talking about one era and then they were talking about the amount of
people that were alive then.
And they said something around the area of a hundred thousand humans, total.
Amount. That's like, that's on the 4 0 5 right now. Just.
That on the 4 0 5 between here and like west Hills. Yeah.
Probably more. And that's why we have such a, a vicious, uh, instinct. Yeah.
Because at that point it's I think it got down to like 10,000 people at one
point.
Yeah. That what I was reading the article about, it was also talking about, um,
in Sumatra and we talked about this recently, there was a gigantic,
super volcano that blew up. Right.
And it the earth up for like a thousand years. And we.
Had to survive that. Yeah. And now we're trying to survive Twitter storms,
but we have those same things, the same instincts that are like, if,
if you can't eat your dog right now, right. You're gonna die. Right. Right. Oh.
So anyway, with the jazzing thing, uh, so what happened?
So I just went on his and he had already blocked me and I had never written
anything to him. So I just, so I just posted that and said he got,
he has a lipo suction in his. Cause I thought that was funny.
Cause I didn't wanna go too big. I was like, but.
Why even do that? Like who gives a? If he blocks you?
I just thought.
It was funny. Right. But you're attacking him publicly.
This is the thing it's like, you have like how many thousands of Twitter follow?
You have like 120,000. That's.
A lot of people. So a hun a lot.
He's a strong man. Like there's that have messed with me way crazy.
Recently. Strong man. Like that's gotta sting.
There's be like this disturbance of peace and tranquility for no reason.
Just cuz he blocked you. What do you give a of you? I hope he block Ja.
I like ya. Go block me buddy. I love him.
He's a good guy. He's a.
Great joke writer. He's a funny guy, man. This is the problem.
It that like I'm a colleague of his,
I'm at the comedy store with him all the time. Yeah.
We go on back and forth next to each other all the time and you know,
there's like, you should attack someone when they do something really bad.
But see, but.
You know what I'm saying? I do know what you're saying.
Like does she's sore until you absolutely need it? Yeah. I'm all about that.
And I, I wasn't like full of attack mode though. I, I was being.
Playful. The wars started. You're talking about him getting lipo, suction,
talking about him being gay. And you're talking about,
you said a bunch of different things. Well.
No, but that's after he said I was in response,
he said that I'm an AltRight third rate piano comic. And I was like, dude,
I just did a, a lipo suction joke. Mm. But the thing is,
I'm not even mad at the guy at all.
Like I want them, you again, do a terrible job of representing yourself.
That's a good point because it seems to me, even I had a text to I'm like,
what are you doing? I know. And.
By the way, I just wanna give you a compliment. Uh,
I love that you're more critical offline.
Like you're one of the few people right now in this world. That's like, oh,
what, what the you doing? I love but online you're chill.
When so many people are the opposite,
they attack online and apologize in the DM.
And you're I just wanna say that that's good leadership qualities. Oh.
Well that's very nice for you, but I'm not trying to be a leader.
I just try to be a good person. I think if you,
you have an issue with someone you should do, you should talk to them in person.
If you can, if not on the own, but that one on one,
like this idea that you should automatically blurt out what you think about
someone's public mistakes to the rest of the world to state your position.
Like there was a lot of the request to state your position after Louis CCK got
in trouble. Right? Right. I don't, I don't have no idea what actually happened.
If, if the way the women are telling it is a hundred percent true, then I am.
I think it's gross and disgusting. And I'm sad.
I'm sad that he had that in his head that he wanted to do that.
I'm sad that the girls had to experience it. It's an uncomfortable thing,
but I don't know that.
And I've heard stories about people thinking it was funny too. You know,
there's a, there was like this weird thing going on.
To try where it's like, what side of the, what side are you.
On? But people were like this,
the Lucy K instance was the first instance that I've can recall where people
were demanding a response, like a public response about.
Something. Well, I noticed that in entertainment with Trump,
it's like the lack of talking about Trump is now seen as endorsements.
Like when, when Taylor swift just didn't get involved in the chaos,
people were calling her like.
AltRight <laugh> oh man, it's it's, there's so many people just waiting,
waiting to pull the trigger and they're doing so in such a insane
and ridiculously misrepresented way. There was, uh,
something about Jordan Peterson, man, Jordan Peterson, um,
going to speak somewhere.
And there was these people sending emails that he was a Nazi and a fascist and a
racist and transphobic. And just,
but they're just hurling these nuclear bombs of words with literal,
literally no word,
no thought whatsoever about the consequences of using these words to describe
someone. Who's absolutely. Clearly not that. Of course,
of course it's when someone can't argue on another side,
they just that's how they shut down the conversation. It is.
But here's my point is that it elevates this manic,
misrepresentation of reality. Cuz they've agreed to not look at it.
Realistically. They've agreed. Who cares if he's not a Nazi,
we're gonna call him a Nazi. And in doing that, you've you you're,
you're escalating. What's like if there's a mob mentality, right.
It's part of what's going on.
One of the things that happens in mob mentality is people start murdering
people. Yeah. You jump in. Right? Okay.
If people are killing people and you're trying to get away and the guy's running
at you with a knife, you're gonna kill him. That's what people do.
It's it's a normal thing. It happens with mob mentality too.
It happens this with this, these kind of arguments, the same kind of thing.
People can just decide. They don't care. If you're right,
they're gonna call you a racist. They're gonna call you a Nazi.
They're just gonna keep saying it until you believe it. 100% like this Nazi,
this Nazi it's Kurt, Matt gentlemen.